Add RequestCookies class to collect HTTP cookies (#11)
yiisoft/request-provider: README.md

}
```

### Request cookies collection

> You can work with cookie request from any place in you project. Add in config you app in middleware block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can work with cookies like the following:
```

Author: done

```php

> class MyClass {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class MyClass
{
```

Author: done

  public function __construct(
    private \Yiisoft\RequestProvider\RequestCookies $cookies
  ) {}
  

>   public function go(): void {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  public function go(): void
  {
```

Author: done
